[RFC] doc: contribute: style: header guards, local/non-local includes (#112179)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/contribute/style/code.rst

  clarity, avoid emojis in any case.
* Use proper capitalization of nouns in code comments (e.g. ``UART`` and not
  ``uart``, ``CMake`` and not ``cmake``).
* All header file shall have a header guard using ``#ifndef <GUARD_NAME>``,
  followed ``#define <GUARD_NAME>`` at file entry and ``#endif`` (preferrably

>   ``#endif /* <GUARD_NAME> */`` at file end.

Reviewer: I wonder if a comment after the last `#endif` of an header file is useful.

The purpose of this `#endif` is obvious. I have often see this comment unsynchronized with the guard name without anyone notices/complains.

  clarity, avoid emojis in any case.
* Use proper capitalization of nouns in code comments (e.g. ``UART`` and not
  ``uart``, ``CMake`` and not ``cmake``).

> * All header file shall have a header guard using ``#ifndef <GUARD_NAME>``,
>   followed ``#define <GUARD_NAME>`` at file entry and ``#endif`` (preferrably
>   ``#endif /* <GUARD_NAME> */`` at file end.

Reviewer 2: typos: 
```suggestion
* All header files shall have a header guard in the form of ``#ifndef <GUARD_NAME>``,
  followed by ``#define <GUARD_NAME>`` at the beginning of the file, and ``#endif`` (preferably
  ``#endif /* <GUARD_NAME> */``) at the end of the file.
```

>   * For header files located ``include/zephyr/`` the guard macro name shall
>     reflects the path of the header file in the Zephyr source tree but
>     unsing ``ZEPHYR_INCLUDE_`` prefix (instead of ``INCLUDE_ZEPHYR_``).
>     Expection can be tolerated (e.g. leads to > 100 char/line) in which case
>     guard ``#ifndef <GUARD_MACRO>`` shall be preceeded by an inline comment
>     ``/* CUSTOM_GUARD_NAME: <brief reason> */`` including a brief explanation.
>   * For header files located ``drivers/``, the header guard name should
>     reflects the path of the header file in the Zephyr source tree but
>      using ``ZEPHYR_DRIVERS_`` prefix (instead of plain ``DRIVERS_``).

Reviewer 2: typos:
```suggestion
  * For header files located in ``include/zephyr/``, the guard macro name shall
    reflect the path of the header file in the Zephyr source tree but
    using as prefix ``ZEPHYR_INCLUDE_`` instead of ``INCLUDE_ZEPHYR_``.
    Exceptions can be made (e.g. > 100 char/line) as long as the
    guard ``#ifndef <GUARD_MACRO>`` is preceded by an inline comment like
    ``/* CUSTOM_GUARD_NAME: <brief reason> */`` including a brief explanation.
  * For header files located in ``drivers/``, the header guard name should
    reflect the path of the header file in the Zephyr source tree but
     using as prefix ``ZEPHYR_DRIVERS_`` instead of just ``DRIVERS_``.
```

> * Be strict in using ``#include <>`` to include a non-local header file

Reviewer 2: I would not write this. This not being consistent is not an actual problem.
Though, a *mild* recommendation to use `""` only for headers which are placed relative to the current file, and `<>` otherwise, would be ok from my POV.

Background:
Although some people may follow different conventions wrt to `""` or `<>`, it is not just about the header being local/relative to the including file folder, or a header coming from another component, or being a "system header".
Fox example, including a "local" header with `<>` allows for that header to be replaced with a header in another path (that trick is used sometimes).

You can take a look at how gcc chooses which header to include:
https://gcc.gnu.org/onlinedocs/cpp/Invocation.html#:~:text=The%20lookup%20order%20is%20as%20follows
Note how `-iquote` only affects includes using `""` and not `<>`, which is another "trick", which can be used in some cases.

Author: Many thanks for the feedback. As suggested, i'll move the quote/diamond includes part into a dedicated P-R. I'll do that when i'm back, i'm currently off for a few days.
